1. Quickly explain how middleware is used in an Express application.

Middleware functions are an integral part of an application built with the Express framework 
(henceforth referred to as Express application). 
They access the HTTP request and response objects and can either terminate the HTTP request 
or forward it for further processing to another middleware function.
Middleware functions are attached to one or more route handlers in an Express application 
and execute in sequence from the time an HTTP request is received by the application till 
an HTTP response is sent back to the caller.
Middleware in Express are functions that come into play after the server receives the request 
and before the response is sent to the client. They are arranged in a chain and are called 
in sequence.
We can use middleware functions for different types of processing tasks required for fulfilling 
the request like database querying, making API calls, preparing the response, etc, and finally 
calling the next middleware function in the chain.
Middleware functions take three arguments: the request object (request), the response object 
(response), and optionally the next() middleware function.
Middleware functions in Express are of the following types:
- Application-level middleware which runs for all routes in an app object
- Router level middleware which runs for all routes in a router object
- Built-in middleware provided by Express (like express.static, express.json, express.urlencoded)
- Error handling middleware for handling errors
- Third-party middleware maintained by the community

2. What does CRUD stand for?

CRUD is an acronym that comes from the world of computer programming and refers to 
the four functions that are considered necessary to implement a persistent storage application: 
create, read, update and delete.
The four CRUD functions can be called by users to perform different types of operations 
on selected data within the database.
- The create function allows users to create a new record in the database. 
- The read function is similar to a search function. It allows users to search 
and retrieve specific records in the table and read their values. Users may be able 
to find desired records using keywords, or by filtering the data based on customized criteria. 
- The update function is used to modify existing records that exist in the database. 
To fully/particular change a record, users may have to modify information in multiple fields. 
- The delete function allows users to remove records from a database that is no longer needed.

3. You are careful to store your sensitive information in a .env file.
  1. How do you get your app to access the information in the .env file?
Using import .env file throw require("dotenv").config() and process.env.{variable name} where needed.
  2. How do you protect the contents of the .env file so that it is not stored in your Github repository?
Using .gitignore file to exclude .env from pushing secret dats to Github.